Hi hello
Well, recently Camino color is bright and there are a lot of stains .
Treatment 2 which does not wash away this time
I would like to introduce you
There is recently a bit not washed away the favorite treatments
This redder's base oil is used to go recently
I'm a hair treatment guy
Well there are so many other things in this various aligner teasing treatment
Why use Loretta's base oil ?
I think
First to
And I keep 2 minutes
8 is that way
It is said that there is Lori
It is called extraordinary oil of the place
Well I used this oil
Recently
I 'm going to change to a little older person
I say I think we as all the same would use Well I treatments not washed away
What does it mean to be different?
I tried it all in my own, but Loretta's base oil
There is something that is different
The smell is so cool
I think if you know someone who has used wax, but I think that Rose system or that
I say
Softening Oh I
There is a rose-like scent like that.
Well I I I do not like is good to be so much
Hey here loreal foal
The smell of sweetness
Plant-based
It's a scent, but if you have a lot of pozzuroli, it won't last long
For example, put this on that
When I use it as a hair iron, it may be written out
Here
I tried using Loretta's base oil
The great lord is the dissenting system
I don't have that feeling so much Loretta's base oil
If you use it, it will have immediate effect and you will find out once you use it once
Than the others
It is a good feeling to become a great smooth
Well, my eyes washed my mouth and hair
After the towel dry
One When was Well flow Kuroko roughly one-push but it may not be visible now
It is about push
Extend to the space between the fingers in the wax and how to put it between the fingers, not attached to the root from the hair tip
center
Maybe in the center of this house
It feels like Najima
Crowded massage and go crowded rubbing in the same feeling as a quack Stone
Great
Hair and effect would think you put to root the kana easy-to-understand
Nde become me Petter
Later
If you have attached to the main center
This after dividing all with a focus in
Draft
It's kind of like blogging
At the stage of putting on already
You can see that it is moist
In a
If I put it properly until the end of high 2
I'm having a hard time
Oh dear
this
a 120 ml
Well there is
Comparing the other of the Koch front real
Here
Hey how do you such much
100 ml
And here too it's about 1500 yen too
There is so much is not high Gorori the price basis
Nde wrong ah Oh Loretta Desu over the wax is still higher than that of other
Loretta luxe is about 2000 yen or so I think other
Also high for the I pretty I was there or a good wax because I've covered so far
It is amazing to say 1600 yen Toka such do is I have Tsu wax that are out of Loretta
I thought there was a high image and the base oil was high, but the price was
It's not so high normal
I mean the base oil that
It does not change the treatment which doesn't wash away with other manufacturers
Because
This time I think Dekirukana recommended Well the Tteyuu Loretta at such a point
The price is a bit high at max, so I can not recommend it in that way
I is Tan said that I mean come true
truly
This is the best I have ever used, but it was the best
I also think that some people are using it quite a bit, so let's borrow a bit to that friend.
I think it may be good to try
Well, this time this time
From that treatment Loretta-based care oil hair treatment is not washed away
Introduced
About hair care a
Oh dear
There is also a video that interviewed hairdresser who say Teramura's of that hair care professional
Yeah, if good, because
If you are concerned about hair cane , please see the video there
I just want to end this time with this, so thank you for watching
Thank you very much for your registration